And not only that.
Every night you experience a short-term pain in your head
Every time I wake up sweating
And the mouth is bitter
And let go of my heart
How do you know that?
Chinese medicine pays attention to a look, hear and ask
I can see it.
Archer, what have you poisoned?
Don't talk nonsense in front of the shooter
Don't throw it at me again
Poison in an outlaw shooter is killing
Killing will lead to Gong Zhong's
Causing neurodigestive problems
If expected
The lady should also be poisoned
There is nothing wrong with the cosmetics themselves.
But once it conflicts with the toxins in the body
The face will be revealed
Come with me!
Ah, good.
Hey, madam, this soldier is very strange.
There's nothing I can do.
Please invite Dr. Fan
trivial matter
Just apply this ointment
It can relieve pain and detoxify
Stupid, if you put it on
It's only going to get worse.